Update README (#94)
bcgov/react-shared-components: README.md

# React Shared Components

Shared reusable react BCGov themed components. See [https://bcgov.github.io/react-shared-components/](https://bcgov.github.io/react-shared-components/) for documentation.

## Getting started

> In order for projects to use these components, add the latest [release](https://github.com/bcgov/react-shared-components/releases) to the projects package.json. Example: (current release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for a project to use these components, add the latest [release](https://github.com/bcgov/react-shared-components/releases) to the project's package.json. Example: (current release)
```
